# COMP-1020-Lab-11

Download Here: [COMP 1020 Lab 11](https://codingherolab.com/product/comp-1020-lab-11/)

For Custom/Original Work email codingprolab@gmail.com/whatsapp +1(541)423-7793

Selection Sort to print an ArrayList 1. Start with the file TemplateLab11Bronze.java. 2. Complete the printInOrder method at the end of the file. This method will accept an ArrayList data as its parameter. It will not sort this list. Instead, it will use a modified selection sort algorithm to simply print the list in ascending order. The list should be printed on a single line. As each number is printed, it can be deleted from data, so that when the method is finished, the list data will be an empty list. 3. The output from the program should look like this. (The data will be random.) Original list: [27, 44, 22, 20, 41, 29, 10, 2, 33, 7, 16, 26, 13, 44, 15, 15, 23, 11, 42, 13] Print the list in ascending order: 2 7 10 11 13 13 15 15 16 20 22 23 26 27 29 33 41 42 44 44 Original list (should be empty): [] Selection Sort on a Linked List 1. Start with the files TestLab11Silver.java, IntLL-template.java, and Node.java. Immediately rename the second file IntLL.java. This file implements a linked list of int data. A constructor and a few other suitable methods are already defined for you. 2. Complete the void selSort() method in the IntLL class, so that it will perform a selection sort algorithm to re-arrange the Nodes in the linked list so that the data is in ascending order. 3. Half of the algorithm has been done for you – the Node largestPrev() method will find the Node in the list that contains the largest data item. (Since it’s easiest to add new nodes to the front of a linked list, you need the largest one each time, not the smallest one, if you want to get it into ascending order.) It will not return a reference to that Node – it will return a reference to the previous Node, since that is what you will need to remove it from the original unsorted list. 4. You should not create any new nodes at all. The existing nodes must be re-linked into a new order, but nothing should be created or destroyed. 5. When you run TestLab11Silver, the output should be as shown below. (The data is random.) Original list: << 41 34 29 40 30 33 17 16 30 16 37 49 3 8 34 28 49 38 7 44 >> Sorted list: << 3 7 8 16 16 17 28 29 30 30 33 34 34 37 38 40 41 44 49 49 >> Non-destructive version of the Bronze exercise 1. Begin with the file TemplateLab11Gold.java. 2. This is exactly the same as the Bronze exercise: Complete the printInOrder method at the end of the file. This method will accept an ArrayList data as its parameter. It will not sort this list. Instead, it will use a modified selection sort algorithm to simply print the list in ascending order. The list should be printed on a single line. 3. Here’s the tricky part. This time, the list may not be changed at any time. You must leave the original list data completely untouched (you can use .get() and .size() but nothing else). You also must not use any other array or list of any type (no arrays, no linked lists, no ArrayLists – nothing but simple int variables). Good luck. 4. The output from the program should look like this. (The data will be random – there might be duplicate values in the list.) Original list: [29, 8, 25, 19, 3, 23, 38, 15, 36, 19, 4, 14, 3, 20, 23, 10, 4, 8, 27, 41] Print the list in ascending order: 3 3 4 4 8 8 10 14 15 19 19 20 23 23 25 27 29 36 38 41 Original list (should be unchanged): [29, 8, 25, 19, 3, 23, 38, 15, 36, 19, 4, 14, 3, 20, 23, 10, 4, 8, 27, 41]
